GraphQL: Add layered navigation documentation (#5222)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/queries/products.md

Attribute |  Description
--- | ---

> `search` | Performs a full-text search using the specified key words. This attribute is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`search` | Performs a full-text search using the specified keywords. This attribute is optional.
```
